feat(c2pa): add pdf support (#15)
TourmalineCore/c2pie: README.md

# TC-C2PA-PY

[![Build](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/build_image.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/build_image.yml)
[![Unit Tests](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/run_unit_tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/run_unit_tests.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TourmalineCore/tc-c2pa-py/actions/workflows/lint.yml)

---

**TC-C2PA-PY** is an open‑source Python library for constructing C2PA Content Credentials manifests that validate with `c2patool` and common C2PA consumers. It supports building claims, assertions, and COSE signatures and embedding the manifest store into JPEG (APP11) and PDF (incremental update) assets.

- C2PA spec: https://c2pa.org/  
- Validation: https://github.com/contentauth/c2pa-rs (`c2patool`)

> > ⚠️ This library helps you build valid manifests, but trust decisions (anchors, allow/deny lists, TSA) are your responsibility. For production, you must provision a certificate chain anchored to an accepted trust root and configure validation policy accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This library helps you build valid manifests, but trust decisions (anchors, allow/deny lists, TSA) are your responsibility. For production, you must provide a certificate chain anchored to an accepted trust root and configure validation policy accordingly.
```

Reviewer: still not sure что такое trust decisions в данном контексте и правильный ли это термин

Author: trust decisions в данном контексте are cryptography certificates and so on

    private_key=private_key,
    certificate_chain=cert_chain,
)

# 3) Embed
result_bytes = TC_C2PA_EmplaceManifest(
    C2PA_ContentTypes.pdf,  # or C2PA_ContentTypes.jpg
    content_bytes=<bytes_of_original_asset>,
    c2pa_offset=<offset>,   # for JPEG: insert offset; for PDF: len(original_bytes)
    manifests=manifest_store,
)
```

### Notes for PDF vs JPEG

- **PDF**: we append an incremental update. The `c2pa.hash.data` exclusion starts at `len(original_pdf)` and its length equals the final tail size (computed iteratively).  
- **JPEG**: we insert APP11 segments. The exclusion start is the APP11 insertion offset; the length is the final APP11 payload length (also computed iteratively).

The library takes care of iterative sizing so the `c2pa.hash.data` matches exactly, otherwise validators return `assertion.dataHash.mismatch`.

---

## CI: build, lint, and tests

We ship three GitHub Actions (see `.github/workflows/`):

- **Build Image** (`build_image.yml`): build & tests on Python 3.8/3.10/3.12.  
- **Lint** (`lint.yml`): Ruff lint + format checks.  
- **Run unit_tests** (`run_unit_tests.yml`): containerized unit tests.

---

## Certificates & trust

> - Example keys live under `tests/fixtures/crypto/`. They are suitable for development only.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example keys are located in `tests/fixtures/crypto/`. They are suitable for development only.  
```
